The beauty of making and using,
I understand, I'll go right away,
Looking over Huang Xin’s wounds,
It is better for the eldest young master to become the queen of his ancestors,
Thank you for your hard work,
Young Master, come here,
Why did it suddenly change to fire? Why,
I've been so long for you, therefore,
You're too polite. Just call me by my name.
You're too polite. The industry has been divided.
In this industry of ours, it is impossible to be divided by whether you have grown up or not.
Young Master,
Here, let's make it long,
To teach, you will find classmates,
After you really finished talking about the young master of the family,
You are not in the past, yes,
I, these old people,
I'll give you some extra tips
That's not the wrong person
People like me have brains and legs
Why isn't your brain leg giving to brain leg?